MIT License

OpTool:      Copyright (c) 2020 Carsten Dominik, Michiel Min, Ryo Tazaki
OpacityTool: Copyright (c) 2015 Michiel Min

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
"Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE
LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION
OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION
WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.


Additional licensing notices about subroutines included in this code
====================================================================

DMiLay
======

 This routine is from 
   Toon, O. and T. Ackerman, Applied Optics 20, 3657 (1981)

LPMNS, LPN, CHGM, GAMMA
=======================

  Licensing:
    These routines are copyrighted by Shanjie Zhang and Jianming Jin.
    However, they give permission to incorporate this routine into a
    user program provided that the copyright is acknowledged.

Numerical Recipes
=================

This code base also includes a couple of routines that use the
algorithms descriped in W.H. Press et al. 1986, 'Numerical Recipes'
Cambridge University Press, (ISBN 0-521-30811).  It is not quite clear
if this violates any provisions of the authors of numerical recipes -
I hope not.
